>> Scott Moss: Creating schemas.
So you kinda just created one but
now we're really about to create a schema,
and get into the nitty gritty of things.
Okay, so
we already have a database schema.
So, why don't we just use that?
Like, why do we need another schema
if we already have a database schema?
It kind of doesn't really make any
sense to have two different schemas.
Well, basically graphical schema
strictly defines what resources,
how they're relayed, and
how a client can consume them.
So, when you compare that to a day to
day schema, a day to day schema is like
I have no idea, I don't even
know what API I'm being used on,
if I'm even being used on an API, this is
just how you can save data in a database.
Graphical schema, is more about
how a client can retrieve data,
how the data relates to each other.
>> Scott Moss: So like I said, DB Schema
is keeping data consistent when entering
our database, whereas the GraphQL
schema is for defining what resources
are available for querying, how they
relate and then how you can query them.
Both schemas can be the same or not.
Basically what I'm saying is, if you
already have some database models that you
created, and you try to create
a graph to a server on top of that.
Yeah, database schemas and models
are a really good starting point for
your GraphQL schemas, as far as modeling
your data and what they look like,
you can totally do that they
are really good starting point,
but that doesn't mean it's going to
be one for one exactly the same.
And you'll find out why,
because one GraphQL is super powerful and
allows you to virtualize a lot of
different things that you may or
may not be able to do in your database or
maybe you don't want to.
And then two, there is probably some
private stuff that you just don't want
exposed to your GraphQL.
So, you can update into what ever you want
but they are a good starting point as far
as modeling your GraphQL schemas, because
you can use your day to day schemas.
>> Scott Moss: So the GraphQL schema
sits in front of your database queries,
and it validates the incoming request.
So like if we have the schemas
that we just created and
a query comes in, that query gets
validated against the schema that you
created before your database even runs.
Before your resolvers even run,
before anything even runs.
If that query is not valid against
that schema, nothing will execute.
That's what GraphQL does.
So, that's why it's a little
different than schema,
because the validation is gonna happen
before the resolvers even execute.
If the resolvers are executing,
that means that the query is valid.
So, if you're getting an error before
your resolver is even happening,
it's because it's an invalid query and
GraphQL will tell you where it's invalid,
why it's invalid.
And most of the time,
it's because it's just not formatted for
the schema that it was created.
>> Scott Moss: There are a bunch
of GraphQL tools out there,
that literally create like full GraphQL
APIs, based off your database schemas.
So literally,
if you already have a database out there,
a postgres database,
a Mongo database that's got some schemas,
there are tools out there that will
take those and generate a full API.
That's exactly like
the schemas that you have.
And there's tools that do the opposite.
You give it a GraphQL schema and
it will create database models for you.
So, there's this tons of
stuff out there that do that,
because of how similar that they are.
So, if you just wanna
spin up something quick,
at the end of the course I can show
you what some of those tools are.
But we're going to be doing everything
manual in this course the hard way.